Common settings for installation targets of all styles
Butter plugout @@version@@
%!date

= Introduction =

This section is a reference to how this plugout creates an installation
process for your project. The modern process for installing a project
generally involves an installation packager.  However, this version of the
plugout does not support these directly, relying on the primitive install
features of each of the build tools.  Therefore the current ``install``
build target should be considered more of a tool to copy project files
into a well-defined location than a real installation process.

**NOTE** Support for the WiX and RPM packaging systems is set as a
new feature for the next release of the plugout! This new feature will
be backwards compatible with the following.

= Install keywords =[ref_install]

Where a particular UML artefact is installed is controlled by the
target type unless over-ridden by the ``butter install`` UML artefact
property. Only UML artefacts with the ``executable`` or ``library``
stereotype will automatically be installed. The ``butter install``
property can contain an actual path or one of the following keywords.

:noinstall
 Turns off automatic installation of ``executable`` or ``library``
 stereotype artefacts.

:BIN
 For program executable files. This is the default location for UML
 artefacts with the ``executable`` stereotype.

:DATA
 For configuration and static data files. This is the default location
 for UML artefacts with the ``library`` stereotype and ``static`` type.

:DOC
 For documentation files that are not HTML or man pages.

:HTML
 For HTML documentation.

:INC
 For header files.

:LIB
 For dynamic link libraries. This is the default location for UML
 artefacts with the ``library`` stereotype and ``shared`` type.

:MAN
 For man pages.


== Installation layout ==

These default locations are statically defined in the system-settings
build files generated for each style.  The UML artefacts representing
these build files can be edited in each bouml project to suit your needs.
At this time the plugout has no mechanism to change these locations
consistently across styles.

All ``install`` targets put artefacts into a directory tree based on a
directory called ``installdir`` created in the project`s root directory.

```
+-+ installdir
  +- bin //BIN// //LIB//
  +- include //INC//
  +-+ share //DATA//
    +- doc //DOC//
    +- html //HTML//
    +- man1 //MAN//
```


= Future directions =

When the packaging programs WiX and RPM become supported directly by the
plugout the current keywords will be mapped to locations based on the
package manager and its primary operating system target as shown below.
In the following diagrams the label VERSIONDIR should be read as a
combination of the project's name and the ``butter version`` property of
the UML project or default of ``1.0``. The format is ``name-version``
It is also envisaged that more installation keywords will be introduced
to better support a real installation process.


For the RPM packager the default locations for these keywords are:
```
+-+ RPM_PREFIX
  + bin //BIN//
  + include/VERSIONDIR //INC//
  + lib //LIB//
  +-+ share/VERSIONDIR //DATA//
    +-+ doc/packages/VERSIONDIR //DOC//
      +- html //HTML//
    +-+ man
      +- man1 //MAN// //MAN1//
      +- man(n) //MAN(n)//
```

For WiX packager the default locations for these keywords are:
```
+-+ %ProgramFiles% 
  +-+ VERSIONDIR //BIN// //LIB// //DATA//
    +- include //INC//
    +-+ documentation //DOC//
      +- html //HTML//
      +- man //MAN// ... //MAN(n)//
```


