Common settings for build variants of all styles
Butter plugout @@version@@
%!date


= Introduction =

The plugout directly supports two variants; a ``debug`` and a ``release``
variant.  The default build variant is ``debug``.  The actual name of
the variant is style specific, in most styles you specify something like
``VARIANT=DEBUG`` in all upper case.  The exception is boost style
where you specify ``variant=debug`` in all lower case.

:Debug
 The ``debug`` variant is expected to have none or minimal optimisation
 and to include debugging information in the compiled artefacts.

:Release
 The ``release`` variant is expected to have good optimisation (generally
 -O2 or /O2) and not include debugging information.


The build systems have the following common targets with each variant.

://default// or all
 The default target will build all targets in the project. The ``boost``
 style does not have a separate ``install`` process and performs the
 installation actions after successfully building all targets.

:install
 Default action is to copy project files into the ``installdir`` directory
 tree. See the discussion of installation settings for more information.

:clean
 What exactly is removed is to some extent style dependent. In general
 the plugout expects only object artefacts actually created with the
 current variant to be removed.  The ``boost`` and ``standard`` jam
 styles will also remove target artefacts.

:distclean
 For the gmake style, the ``clean`` target removes only object artefacts
 created by the current variant. The ``distclean`` target is provided
 to additionally remove targets artefacts, make dependency files, ``core``
 files and files with names ending in ``~``.


= Variant specific notes =

== Debug variant ==

The user can expect the DEBUG preprocessor macro to be defined as ``1``
during compilation in all build styles. 

== Release variant ==

The user can expect the DEBUG preprocessor macro to be defined as ``0``. 
**Note** that the DEBUG macro is defined as ``0`` not  ``undefined``.


